have you been diagnosed with depression
and struggle with sadness maybe you're
scared of being criticized loss of
interest
Keeks and PE always thinking something
tells me doctor about effexor excess
your doctor about simple talk to your
doctor about Zola your doctor
immediately talk with your doctor said
it's a necessity guillotine support very
crucially pretty busy here see a bit
naturally slow busy Buddhist no steel we
see a developing potential for nearly a
total control of human emotional status
mental functioning and wilt ahead yes
plan meet call America Bacchus it's a
dispositive battery see here it's a
haiku for a regular chick - dae-ho
aspect to lead scare her karate now I
was diagnosed with the person and
foreign thoughts of a DD and I was
prescribed Ritalin bipolar disorder and
I take life here um depression affects
all lexapro pretty ast is Olaf I was on
paxil I always describe 50 new tegretol
that's the probe respite all stelazine
adhirata horsy finance
Japan takes home clonazepam oh really
texture vitamin packs from Siler prozac
adderall elavil depakote will butan
seroquel etc etc stop million eulogy
misleading movie Bob Sieck o5 mata yuck
the new door for CG at CFC sweet chili
just so nimotsu they want you to thank
your disease from birth and that all
those experiences of life childhood and
adolescence teenage years and adulthood
being a senior citizen that these are
all various stages of disease let's face
it we've all been depressed at one time
we've all been anxious at one time these
are normal emotions that we feel every
emotional and spiritual problem is
reduced to a label and of course all of
those diseases require pharmaceutical
treatments this is big big business
Asik intercept cheo cheo born la casa
Abigail ave e za r event Eclipse is Nava
usually eponymous viedo needs polish
nail we don't really have any specific
blood tests or other tests that are
definitive for any mental illness
whatsoever any differently become much
more scientifically if you go to my
office and you told me that you're
depressed there's nothing there no blood
sample or whatever no tests there are
not current available tests to verify
your diagnosis I don't use any tests do
not have a test to say well this is this
disorder and this is the past medication
for this disorder for many years we
thought we had the tests nail down but
it turned out that they weren't of any
value
if you don't know what's causing the
symptoms than to give somebody something
to alleviate the symptoms as close to
impossible by the time of drugs approved
and it hits the general population we
don't know even 50% of side effects that
are involved with that drug and these
pills cause heart attacks and liver
problems and the immune system problems
and lots of other medical problems so
you're playing with fire Sokoto Peniel a
kick-ass dd-na viva la vie evasion a
negative narcotic logical if see here to
a pharmacy or disconfirm arizuka
predominately use nyeeehhh
Sonne it's notorious possibly
Dellavedova in a post passed a slit cool
everything became worse every day
you know each each mood swing was worse
he would have chronic headaches chronic
you know nausea and not feeling good she
was very agitated very very jumpy she
was having horrible hallucinations that
person attitude was disintegrating once
he started on that drug he just the
cloud - stayed over him and stayed over
him stayed over him I got darker and
darker he thought there wasn't anything
worth living to kill himself that was
not me that was the drugs at least I
would like to have said I love you I
didn't get a chance to do that
psychiatric care like in a in a denim
recipe abrupt epochs a tricky alaqah she
is on her m3t Cecily G Ozma
Tata devastate sibenik Daenerys are
logically Pharaoh Sneferu Navy escape
ultra-sexy here true spermatids ma firma
me she cello suite of a propaganda
LayCool a kazoo immensity saloon desert
pretend gypsy ho karmic dentistry Davis
we practice in Lacaze
I exit the horizontal market engine it's
about creating a good story that uses
science that convinces a physician to
think about writing a prescription this
is not science this is incredibly
effective marketing has nothing to do
with science they use what I call
statistical contortionism basically just
skew the numbers make everything look
fantastic you hide the bad numbers
they're learning every trick in the book
they're evolving into efficient
marketing machines and it's working
there's definitely an unholy alliance
between psychiatry and pharmaceutical
sales that's a marriage made in heaven
they're like conjoined twins they're
joined at the wallet advocacy Theory
skeevy agnostics emmanuel obsequious
sistah Sinema sod dissolution me Baruch
Adele she approaches algebra buoy of
Kotian cretin permit sophisticated
mirror series we Arizona of psychotropic
like whose Htet Htet active rocks edema
can add section assad history
madness needs to sell in research digit
Ruby PM's Prada a DAT honey psychotropic
like ooh ceviche Ruby Demasi product
called a hos reason ash followed any
witness leading star tunas Anatoly
see here treaty una sociedad de ramadhir
auction ET de escena de no belly honour
Allah etc mobile star yes Topsy be
productive we achieve copiously electric
autonomy ignorant